Remove references to unsupported server file directories (#10684)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/clientServerFiles.md

## Directory layout

> The `clientFiles` subdirectory can be associated with the course, a question, a course instance, or an assessment, as shown below. The `serverFiles` subdirectory can be associated with the course.

Reviewer: Is this any better?

```suggestion
A `clientFiles*` subdirectory can be associated with the course, a question, a course instance, or an assessment, as shown below. The `serverFilesCourse` subdirectory is associated with the course as a whole.
```

|   `-- fossilFuels
|       +-- clientFilesQuestion           # client files for the fossilFuels question
|       |   `-- power-station.jpg
`-- courseInstances
    `-- Fa16
       +-- clientFilesCourseInstance      # client files for the Fall 2016 course instance
       |   `-- Fa16_rules.pdf
       `-- assessments
           `-- hw01
               `-- clientFilesAssessment  # client files for the Homework 1 assessment
                   `-- formulaSheet.pdf
```

## Access control

> Each different `clientFiles` directory is accessible under the same [access control rules](accessControl.md) for the course instances and assessments. That is, `clientFilesCourse` is accessible to any student who has access to some course instance, while `clientFilesQuestion`, `clientFilesCourseInstance`, and `clientFilesAssessment` are accessible to students with access to the corresponding question, course instance, or assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each different `clientFiles*` directory is accessible under the same [access control rules](accessControl.md) for the course instances and assessments. That is, `clientFilesCourse` is accessible to any student who has access to some course instance, while `clientFilesQuestion`, `clientFilesCourseInstance`, and `clientFilesAssessment` are accessible to students with access to the corresponding question, course instance, or assessment.
```
